Update personal-pronouns.md (#94)
medzuslovjansky/medzuslovjansky.github.io: docs/learn/misc/personal-pronouns.md

- The genitive is generally the same as the accusative.
- The locative is often very similar or identical to the dative.
- The genitive is never identical to the dative.

> - The accusative :isv[mene] in Interslavic is based on counting (discounting the smaller languages): 7 `men`-, 3 `mn`-; 8 -`e`, 2 -`ja`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The accusative :isv[mene] in Interslavic is based on counting (discounting the smaller languages): 7 `men-` vs. 3 `mn-`; 8 `-e` vs. 2 `-ja`.
```

:::note

- The forms themselves are established easily.

> - For all forms on `je-` or `i-` goes that they can be preceded by `n-` after a preposition: :isv[jego] > :isv[bez njego], :isv[im] > :isv[pri nim]. The same goes for the other genders and the plural.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For all forms on `je-` or `i-` goes that they can be preceded by `n-` after a preposition: :isv[jego] > :isv[bez njego], :isv[jim] > :isv[pri njim]. The same goes for the other genders and the plural.
```
